Look at the sky; take it in.
Feel the sun on your skin.
So much our God provides—
blessing our lives, helping us grow.
But even more than this, his love is a gift;
we’ll never let go.
Sing to Jehovah with all your heart.
Serve him through all your days—
No greater joy could there be than this,
No matter what we face.
Always rejoice!
Family and brotherhood—
Unity feels so good.
Beautiful gifts from God,
building a bond no one can break.
Freedom may be denied,
but joy deep inside no one can take.
Sing to Jehovah with all your heart.
Serve him through all your days—
No greater joy could there be than this,
No matter what we face.
Always rejoice!
Earth will be a paradise for all eternity.
Jesus’ loving sacrifice truly sets us free.
Sing to Jehovah with all your heart.
Serve him through all your days—
No greater joy could there be than this,
No matter what we face.
Always rejoice!